Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: Okay. Hello. Our team consists of Kiran. While Amati and myself, we are working on a bipartite graph with a data set extracted from the Chicago data portal.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: It consists of the Progress Report cards of Chicago public schools from 2,011 to 2,012.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: The reason we chose this data set is that we wanted to have a societal impact with our analysis and knew that Chicago data portal is the way to go
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: after trying out an energy data set and not finding a straightforward network model. We chose this data set
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: under the education sector.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: It covers 566 public schools, and has 79 columns covering attributes that are performance metrics of the school. Apart from their identifier data, like the name of the school, the address, the Zip code.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: The performance metrics varied across different topics, such as how equipped they were on a health basis, how well the schools had parent engagement.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: and their performance on a different grade scale rise.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: And the idea is to develop a network model after discretizing the relevant performance metrics to get accumulative value and map these goals and the respect of performance metrics.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: considering the large number of performance metrics that are available. We also need to consider columns that are
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: highly weighted and also have more cleaner values available to work on. And once that is achieved, if time permits, we would like to conduct an analysis to determine if there is a relation between schools lying in the same score, spectrum, like location or network manager, etc.
Srivasa Pranathy Mutcherla: And Kiran will be talking about the limitations now.
Kiran Velamati: Alright. Thank you.
Kiran Velamati: So we have few limitations which we feel might be a problem for conducting our analysis.
Kiran Velamati: Let's say, firstly, the data set consists of schools that are in network of
Kiran Velamati: cps, that is, Chicago public schools, which means the privately operated schools and
Kiran Velamati: charter schools that do not fall under Cps jurisdiction are not included
Kiran Velamati: which may limit comprehensive city-wide educational analysis.
Kiran Velamati: If we plan to develop and Ml. Model and gather insights
Kiran Velamati: about the schools performing similarly based on their location, we might miss out on other private schools if they perform. Similarly.
Kiran Velamati: also, there are many instances of missing or incomplete data which may result in inaccurate results.
Kiran Velamati: Also, there may be bias in reporting such as school safety or parental involvement may lead to biases or inaccuracies, as schools might have incentives to portray themselves in a favourable light.
Kiran Velamati: Additionally, the data set represents
Kiran Velamati: at 2,011 to 2,012 a school year, which may not accurately reflect current conditions or trends educational trends.
Kiran Velamati: So it might impact the decision making model.
Kiran Velamati: That's it. Thank you.